 to teach is to praise positive actions and ignore negative ones.

 I agree that this is an effective method of teaching. I believe, however, that this does not always work well in the classroom because students may use negative reinforcement to get their own way, while positive reinforcement is only used to encourage good behavior. A well-done example of this might be if the teacher gave a child a prize for doing something positive like reading, but if the child did something bad such as misbehaving, the teacher could give the child a punishment instead of the prize. This kind of punishment would be more effective in changing the child's behavior, rather than using positive reinforcement. Teachers should not use negative reinforcement with students, but should instead use positive reinforcement when the behavior is being rewarded. Teachers should only give punishments with positive reinforcement.
The statement suggests that if the child is not allowed to earn the prize in the first place, it will encourage bad behavior, and that is not necessarily true. It is often true that when a reward does not exist, children will tend to act in an irresponsible or irresponsible-like manner, but I believe that the teacher would use the reward to make the child aware that such behavior is not acceptable, and it could also be an effective way of dealing with a child that is misbehaving. It is not necessary to punish all children the same way. Some children may be rewarded for good behavior, and it is equally likely that the reward is something they will use to manipulate the teacher and the classroom as a whole. I believe it is important for a teacher to try to use rewards in a way that will discourage children from using them as a means of manipulation.
There are other situations where positive reinforcement may not be appropriate, however, and I believe that it would be better for teachers to encourage good behavior in those situations.
The statement suggests that if the student does not earn the prize in the first place, it will encourage bad behavior. I believe that this is false, and that a teacher should encourage good behavior in students who earn prizes.
The statement suggests that when a teacher does not reward the child for good behavior, it will encourage bad behavior. I believe that this is false, and that a teacher should reward good behavior in students who earn prizes.
It is important to note that even if a reward does not exist, if a teacher wants to encourage a particular type of behavior, she may use positive reinforcement. She may choose to reward a child who is being disciplined for good behavior and encourage the child to do things that will make her happy, or she may reward a child who is being punished for bad behavior and encourage the child to do things that will make her happy, or she may use negative reinforcement to punish bad behavior, if that is how she wants to deal with it. Teachers should be allowed to use all of these different types of strategies, including the choice of reward and punishment.
As mentioned above, teachers should use rewards with positive reinforcement. I believe that it is important to encourage a child