ly learn much more from people whose views we share than from people whose views contradict our own. Disagreement can cause stress and inhibit learning.

 We should encourage people who disagree with us to think through their ideas before taking a decision. We should also make efforts to learn more about our opponents.
 This approach is often too limiting, because it assumes that we all share the same values and the same beliefs.

 The result of this approach is that it encourages people who agree with us to shut up and not challenge our ideas.
 I think that we should encourage people who disagree with us to consider our ideas and to argue their own ideas in a constructive way. I do not believe that people should be forced to agree with us just because we are wealthy or powerful.
 You have to recognize that it's not your job to persuade people that your way is right. You just have to convince them that it's not wrong. You cannot force your opponent to think that your way is wrong, only that he has no point.
 The idea that an argument cannot succeed because it includes someone who doesn't share one's point of view is a dangerous one.
 I think it is more dangerous to assume that an argument cannot succeed because of the opponent.
 If an argument cannot be made because of the opponent, it can be made because of the facts and the evidence.
 I think we should encourage people who disagree with us to make arguments in defense of their points of view in a constructive way. I do not believe that people should be forced to agree with us just because we are wealthy or powerful.
 The way to change an opponent is to show the opposing point of view in a positive light.
 People who are successful at persuasion must use their imagination and use a variety of means to make their opponent accept their viewpoint.
 Persuasion can work only if people feel that they have made a good case. If the opponent is unwilling to accept your arguments, you have failed as a persuader.
 People have to see each other's points of view as valid and credible before they can agree to agree to disagree.
 We should learn more about people who disagree with us before we attempt to persuade them.
 People should understand and accept that we cannot make a convincing argument for our ideas by simply arguing the facts and the evidence.
 We should try to avoid using the same talking points over and over again. This can lead to frustration and frustration causes people to lose interest in our ideas.
 It's difficult to have a fruitful debate with someone who has never challenged you or made an effort to understand your point of view.
 You can't force your opponent to believe in your point of view, so you cannot persuade them to accept it.
 We should learn more about people who disagree with us before we attempt to persuade them.
 People should understand and accept that we cannot make a convincing argument for our ideas by simply arguing the facts and the evidence.
 We should try to avoid using the same talking points over and over again. This can lead to frustration and frustration causes people to lose interest in our ideas.
