uld require all its students to study the same national curriculum until they enter college rather than allow schools in different parts of the nation to determine which academic courses to offer.

 If a student leaves school after graduating and works for a company in another state, the student will likely not have the opportunity to complete his/her education in that other state. Students who stay in school to earn a degree from an alternative education institution are likely to do better academically than they would in a state school. Therefore, requiring all students to study the same national curriculum until they enter college would provide students with greater opportunities to obtain a higher level of education.
Academic excellence is essential for a modern economy.  For example, in order to succeed in today's workforce, employees need to be able to learn quickly, effectively, and in an efficient manner.  Many of today's employees come from diverse backgrounds, making it difficult for them to learn the same skills in the same way.  Therefore, it is necessary for schools to focus on teaching their students to learn in the same way, using the same tools, and developing the same skills in order for them to compete with each other and successfully enter the workforce.  It is also important for schools to give students from all backgrounds equal opportunities to learn the same skills and learn how to perform in the same manner.  Students from the same schools would be able to benefit from the same learning environment by learning in the same way.  However, the current system provides for uneven educational opportunities for students from diverse backgrounds.  It is my belief that allowing schools to decide what curriculum to offer would result in a greater chance for students from diverse backgrounds to obtain a college education.  Adopting the recommendations, I believe, would benefit diverse students more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.  I believe it would benefit students from diverse backgrounds more than students from the same school.  Therefore, I support the recommendation.