must ensure that their major cities receive the financial support they need in order to thrive, because it is primarily in cities that a nation's cultural traditions are preserved and generated.

 I agree.  Most of us live in our cities, and it is essential that we preserve our local traditions and culture.  We must make sure these traditions and cultures are not neglected by government in favor of other cities.  Many of these traditions will be lost if we do not preserve them.  Most important, we must not allow government to provide financial support to cities that will hurt our local traditions and cultures.  In order to protect our local cultures, we must take care that our major cities receive the support they need.  I believe we should have more control over our financial resources in our cities.  I strongly believe that governments should provide more support to our cities in order to enhance their cultures.  Governments should not be forced to provide financial support to cities that damage our local traditions and cultures.  Local governments should be better equipped to handle the financial issues that come with providing more financial support for their local cities.  The support we give our cities should be based upon their history, culture, and local traditions.  The more local governments can be involved in providing financial support for their own cities, the more likely our major cities will be successful.

 I disagree.  I believe that the best option is to allow government to provide financial support to the cities that need it.  Many of the cities that receive the least financial support will be devastated by the lack of it.  If there is one thing I know for sure, it is that a lack of government will not keep a city alive, it will destroy it.  I am convinced that more control over our financial resources will keep our cities stronger.  If governments do not provide financial support, the culture in these cities will eventually disappear and we will be left with a culture that does not have the support from the government to function properly.  The cultures of our major cities should be protected, and they should be able to function with the aid of more control over our financial resources.  We must preserve our culture in order to have a country that is able to function in a modern world.  Without culture, a country will eventually fall apart.  A government that can't protect our culture will not be able to function properly.  If governments can help maintain our local traditions and cultures, we can create a strong nation.  In order to create a strong nation, we must have a strong nation first.  This is why I believe that governments should not be forced to provide financial support to the cities that harm our local traditions and cultures.  I believe that we need to protect our cultures and the traditions they contain by letting governments provide financial support to the cities that can provide the best help to their local communities.