<pad> I would disagree. I would argue that praise is not the best way to teach. Negative actions will only get repeated and reinforcing negative behavior will encourage the habit of doing bad things. I would argue that in the long run, the person would end up with more good behavior. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised than when they are criticized. I would argue that avoiding negative behavior will be less important. I would argue that positive behaviors should be encouraged. I would argue that people learn better when they are told how to do something than when they are told not to do it. I would argue that if people know that their behaviour is being ignored they will do it in the future. I would argue that people learn best when they are praised. i would argue that in the long run, the person would end up with more good behavior than when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised than when they are criticized. I would argue that if people know that their behaviour is being ignored they will do it in the future. I would argue that people learn better when they are told how to do something than when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are told how to do something than when they are criticized. I would argue that if people know that their behaviour is being ignored they will do it in the future. I would argue that if people know that their behaviour is being ignored they will do it in the future. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised and when they are criticized. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised. I would argue that people learn better when they are praised.</s>