<pad> This is one of the best ideas on how to bring out the best in a person, but competition isn't the only way that people should be trained to rise to the top of their fields. Instumenting a sense of cooperativeness in people is, as mentioned in the reading, the most important thing that should be taught to our children. It's the only way that they'll have a chance to grow into leaders and not just competitors. My advice is to make sure that they learn as many skills and qualities as possible before handing them down to their kids, and thereby giving them a better chance of being able to help people in the future. For instance, a person should learn to be patient and not to be angry, since these qualities will make them a good leader. My suggestion is for young people to be exposed to the value of cooperation, and to learn from the people who already know how to do this. My suggestion would be to give children an advantage so that they can learn about how to cooperate and not a disadvantage so that they learn how to compete. I believe that the way that we educate our children is going to change in the future, and I believe that this has already begun. In fact, it's already happening. One of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is to instill in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is to instill in them a sense of competition, not cooperation. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is to instill in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is to instill in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is by instilling in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is by instilling in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is by instilling in them a sense of cooperation, not competition. I believe that one of the best ways to prepare our children for leadership is by instilling in them a sense of competition, not cooperation.</s>