<pad> It would be wrong for corporations to be given the only responsibility of profit. However, if corporations are given free reign and unlimited resources, they might try to influence the law in order to do the most harm. So the corporations would not have to make good choices. Corporations must make money. This is clear. Corporations are regulated by governments. Corporate taxes are paid by citizens to fund federal programs. Corporate earnings are taxed at the shareholders rate, so tax rates must be low. Corporations must not try to influence the laws in order to do the most harm. That is clear. Corporations must make good choices. Corporations should never be given the power to sway the political system in order to achieve their own ends. It would be wrong to give corporations the only responsibility of profit. However, if corporations are given free rein and unlimited resources, they might try to influence the law in order to do the most harm. Corporations should not try to influence the laws in order to do the most harm. That is clear. Corporations must not try to influence the political system in order to achieve their own ends. That is clear. This is the polar opposite of a free market. Corporations should not have the ability to do good, especially in the political arena, and it would be foolish to do it. So the corporations would not have to make good choices. Corporate earnings are taxed at the shareholders rate, so tax rates must be low. Corporations would not be permitted to engage in lobbying or lobbyists. Corporations would not be permitted to engage in lobbying or lobbyists. Corporations should not be permitted to engage in lobbying or lobbyists. I agree with the fact that corporations are required to make good choices. Corporations will be successful if they make good choices. I disagree with the fact that corporations will be successful if they do not make good choices. Corporations will be successful if they do not make good choices. Corporations will be successful if they do not cause harm to society. I will not allow corporations to make decisions that harm society and the environment. If corporations were to make choices that harm society and the environment, we would not have this discussion. Corporations will be successful. But they will be successful because we are not the ones in control of them. Therefore, I will not allow corporations to be a part of the debate. Corporations will be successful.</s>