<pad> I don't agree with the premise, but I do agree that a national curriculum is good for schools. I think national curriculums encourage uniformity and improve education in all parts of the country. Schools should not be allowed to choose their own courses, but schools should be forced to follow a national curriculum. In the future, some parts of the country could demand that all schools have a certain curriculum if there is no regional curriculum. Schools in areas with poor schools would have to offer a different curriculum. I believe this is a good idea, but I don't think we should do this in all parts of the country. I believe that national curriculums are good because they provide uniformity and consistency. It is important that teachers in all parts of the country have the same knowledge. Some courses and subjects should be more difficult in different parts of the country, some should be more easy in certain parts of the country, and others should be harder in others. I believe that the best way to ensure that all students have the same knowledge is to teach them the same material. I think this is one of the main reasons why schools in different parts of the country are not alike. I believe that we should allow schools in different parts of the nation to be able to do this. We should allow schools in different parts of the country to choose their own curriculum, because this is not in the best interests of the country as a whole. I think a national curriculum would be good for a nation, but I think it's a great idea for a specific region, like New York State. I agree that it is important for all schools to be taught the same material, and that it is a good idea to require that all schools use a standard curriculum. I think it is best to make the curriculum standard, but I don't agree with the premise, which is, we shouldn't allow schools to choose their own curriculum. I don't think a national curriculum would be good for New York State, for example. I think it would be good for New York State to adopt the same curriculum. I would suggest that the state consider all the states in the nation, rather than just those in one region, when creating a national curriculum. I would also say that there should be an optional national curriculum for students who wish to study foreign languages or science. It would be better if some regions were required to have a specific curriculum.</s>