<pad> I think that the fact that the camera is able to take high-quality video of many different kinds of things makes it an important part of contemporary life. For example, in a high-tech society, video recordings of business meetings and factory floor conversations would be valuable. However, written records are more susceptible to falsification, and sometimes fail to convey the truth of what is being witnessed. For example, it's easy to get caught up in a tense moment when using a camera, and we can get lost in the story. Thus, writing records is a less effective form of documentation. But, in a high tech society, video cameras are more useful than written records because there are more people and more things to cover. Besides, video recordings would be useful as evidence of historical events. However, I think that the fact that video recordings are not as effective as written records is what creates their worthiness in a high tech society. Therefore, I feel that video recordings provide an important part of contemporary life but that written records are still useful to many people. I believe that video recordings should be more widely available than written records, especially when the camera can provide higher quality of image. I think that the quality of the images produced by video cameras is also better. For example, video is able to provide more accurate images of war scenes than written records. Additionally, I think that a video camera's ability to provide more accurate images is important to the history of a country's culture. Therefore, I believe that video recordings are an important part of contemporary life, while written records are a less important form of documentation. I agree with the statements above. However, I think there are still some people who disagree with me and that the suggestion that video recordings provide a more accurate record of contemporary life is misguided. Besides, I believe that video records may provide more comprehensive and accurate images than written records. Nonetheless, this is just my opinion. I'm willing to hear out others. Thank you for your time and attention. Good luck with the exam. Best wishes, -Daniel Smith. "In today’s increasingly technological world, people need tools like video and written records to help them understand the world."-Janet Morrissey, "Staff-Cruik School of Business, August 2009."-Frederick M.</s>