<pad> This sentence is true, because cities are not just economic engines, but cultural engines. Therefore, cities must be given all the financial support they need to thrive. This is particularly true for major cities, since they have historically been home to the best and most important human cultural institutions of the country, in comparison to other areas. Therefore, if governments fail to provide proper support to their cities, their cultural traditions are at risk of being lost. A national government can assist with this through an increase in federal investment in cities. The argument can also be applied to state governments, since they are largely responsible for protecting major cities from the consequences of climate change. Therefore, cities can continue to benefit from this investment despite climate change. Therefore, states should make sure their major cities are well funded in order to preserve their cultural traditions. This includes making sure they have the appropriate infrastructure for the future. Without proper infrastructure, the future will be uncertain for cities and other major cities. Therefore, states should provide adequate infrastructure for the future. State governments can also fund the creation of new, thriving major cities through the federal government, since cities are home to a variety of industries. Therefore, state governments can continue to support their major cities. However, the current state of affairs with regard to major cities is incompatible with the current state of affairs with regard to climate change. The climate change that is currently occurring is putting at risk many major cities. Therefore, states should make sure that they are providing adequate support to their major cities in order to minimize their damage. This would include putting adequate financial infrastructure in place. States should provide incentives to encourage cities to adapt to changing environmental conditions. If there is any chance of avoiding climate change, then cities should be given the financial support needed to thrive. As for the argument that cities have no cultural tradition, I do not believe that statement is accurate. However, I believe that cities should be able to thrive independently of government, and that this argument can be proven by evidence and statistics. I also believe that cities should be able to sustain themselves. This statement can be supported by many pieces of evidence, such as the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development's 2010 Housing and Urban Development Index. There are many studies that have found that urban residents can adapt to climate change. In addition, cities are more likely to experience a decline in economic development and a decline in national income over the next few decades, because they have grown too big.</s>