<pad> I disagree with this statement and would like to think that it is a good idea to praise positive actions. What if we were to be as positive as possible? Its hard to tell what will be the most positive and what will be the most negative. The example of the boy going to the store was very positive. However, it is extremely difficult to tell what will be the most positive. The negative example is an example of a positive person. The way to do this is to say it sincerely and ignore the negative one. I disagree with the statement, if you say " I will never say the negative, but I think that would be the best thing to do", and this should be the best thing to do, then it should be the best thing to do. The other examples are the bad choices of the boy. When he is given the choice of the options, the best thing is to say " " but if you say " " it is a little tough". In addition, the negative examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. I disagree with the statement, if you say " " but you are correct, you are wrong. The best thing to do is to say " " but you are correct, you are wrong. The best thing to do is to say " " but you are correct, you are wrong." In addition, the bad examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. I disagree with the statement, if you say " " I think that would be the best thing to do, and this should be the best thing to do. The negative examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. In addition, the positive examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. In addition, the negative examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. However, the negative examples are often repeated when he has already taken one of the options. This may be a very good thing to do. I disagree with the statement, if you say " "I think that would be the best thing to do, and this should be the best thing to do.</s>