<pad> In today's competitive world, it is important to instill a sense of cooperation, a sense of responsibility, and a sense of confidence. The ability to make decisions without needing to ask others is the foundation for success in a future career. I would agree with the statement that it's essential to develop a sense of cooperation in young people. However, i agree that competition is not the only way to get things done. It is necessary for a society to help them develop a sense of cooperation in young people. I would agree with the statement that competition is not the only way to get things done. It is the only way for a society to help them develop a sense of cooperation. It is necessary for a society to help them develop a sense of responsibility. I would agree that competition is not the only way for a society to help them develop a sense of cooperation. However, it is important to do things right. I would agree that competition is not the only way for a society to help them develop a sense of cooperation. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get frustrated. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get frustrated. I would disagree that if you try to get things done based on cooperation, you will get discouraged. I would disagree that if you try to get things done based on cooperation, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on cooperation, you will get discouraged. I would disagree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on cooperation, you will get discouraged. I would disagree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on cooperation, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged. I would agree that if you try to get things done based on competition, you will get discouraged.</s>