<pad> They should do both because they seem to have the best of both worlds. It is an important distinction to make. The reason why I believe that the only responsibility of corporations is to make as much money as possible is because people do think that corporations should be responsible for the well-being of the socities and the environment. They do not understand that the only way that they can get money is to do business illegally. Therefore, the only logical consequence of these arguments is that they are very wrong. Besides, I can't understand why so many people think that corporations have to do something that makes as much money as possible to make their living. It is a bluff. In conclusion, there is no one right answer here. Depending upon how you look at it, the answer could be either one or a combination of the two. Either way, the choice is yours to make. It is a matter of personal taste. As long as your weighing your options carefully, the choice is clear. If one thing is clear, it is that corporations have to do a lot more to make money than they are currently doing to make it. I don't care which side of the fence you are on. It is the choice of yours to make money that determines your moral judgment. So, the answer is for you to think through this issue. You should be in a position to make your own decision about where to work or not, but it is up to you to find the right balance. It may not always be the best choice, but it is the one that makes you a better person. Your decision is yours to make. But, it isn't the one you should make. So, the answer is for you to make a judgment of your own. Just as you wouldn't make a judgment on someone else's. If you want to be treated fairly and with respect, you should expect to get treated with respect. It is a very important distinction in how you approach this. You should expect respect from everyone. I am sure that's what the majority think. So, in my opinion, you are either right or wrong. And it is a very important distinction to know which is the case. So, the answer is for you to make a judgement. So, the answer is for you to make a judgement. :)</s>