<pad> Providing the same national curriculum would eliminate the possibility of standardized testing among different school districts. A nation with high standards of educational quality would be less likely to be disadvantaged than a nation with a weaker standard. It would also prevent the spread of corruption and uncontrolled socialism throughout a country. The US is already considered to be an example of a nation that has high standards for education. My position is that if schools were not required to have the same national curriculum for all, it would be a crime of freedom to allow schools to determine what courses to offer. This would hardly prevent the spread of elitist groups within the country. Therefore, the best example of how a nation could do this is by requiring the creation of a national curriculum. This would prevent local school districts from deciding the courses they wish to offer. It would also make sure that the schools in the US do not discriminate against the students from other parts of the country. These are very specific issues. I have never argued for such a system before. Therefore, it is my opinion that we need to set a national standards for education which include standardized tests. This would make it impossible for anyone to find a good school. Therefore, my point is that we should not allow a national curriculum to be defined in some kind of subjective way. I am not against standardized testing or testing for different reasons. However, I do not believe that this should be done as a way to eliminate the possibility of cheating. Thus, I have always opposed the idea of allowing students in some parts of the country to choose the courses they wish to take. However, I think that such a system is inherently flawed. It is difficult to know that the schools in these parts of the US will have an issue with the same courses and curriculum. It will only complicate matters further. Furthermore, a national curriculum would be likely to increase the rates of student academic achievement and would not benefit the national economy in any way. Therefore, I believe that this suggestion would not be beneficial. I would also disagree with the statement that it would be unfair for schools to decide what courses to offer in their schools. This would make it difficult for them to provide an education for students who may not have an income. However, I believe that this would be a very good method. Therefore, I think that the bill would be very beneficial.</s>