<pad> The best example of this is the fact that there are many renowned composers residing in cities. Therefore, the financial support for the arts is a great necessity for cities to thrive. However, it is not always economically viable to support the arts. The economic problems that cities face are often due to lack of sufficient resources. Furthermore, it is generally not feasible to pay for the arts. There are also the social and health care issues that make it economically unaffordable to provide the arts. It is the governments duty to ensure that their major cities are financially supported to thrive. If government doesn't make sure that cities are financially supported then they will suffer from a lack of cultural traditions. They are in danger of losing their cultural traditions. Therefore, if governments don't make sure that cities are financially supported then they will suffer from lack of cultural traditions. Therefore, the only possible reason a city will not prosper is because of the financial obstacles. Therefore, governments should also take into account the economic disadvantages that cities face and make sure that their cities can receive the resources they need to thrive. Furthermore, if the financial support for the arts isn't sufficient then governments will have to make sure that the arts are not forgotten by those outside the city. Therefore, the most likely scenario would be that government would pay for the arts. The second most likely scenario is that the government would make sure that artists are not forgotten. Thus, the government would have to make sure that artists are not forgotten. Thus, the second most likely scenario would be that the government would pay for the arts. Therefore, the government would have to make sure that the arts are not forgotten by those outside the city. Thus, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would pay for the arts. Therefore, the government would have to make sure that the arts are not forgotten. Therefore, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would make sure that the arts are not forgotten by those outside the city. This would include paying for arts groups, which are a lot more expensive than the other two. Hence, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would make sure that the arts are not forgotten by those outside the city. Therefore, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would pay for the arts. Thus, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would pay for the arts. However, the third most likely scenario would be that the government would not pay for the arts.</s>